So with our first logic added her, let's now make sure that when we click this confirm button, we do
store the title or the description of the expense,
the reason and also the amount. So for this, I'll add a constant, entered reason here where I access the
reason input and since this is an input element,
it will have a value property we can read to get the value the user entered.
I'll also store the entered amount by accessing the amount input and then having a look at the
value there.
Now we could continue with these values but I want to make sure that the user did enter valid values
and for that, we can add our own simple validation logic by adding an if check here
and if the entered reason here, when we trim that which will remove excess whitespace at the beginning
and the end, if the length is then smaller or equal to zero, then the user didn't enter anything.
Also, if the entered amount is smaller or equal to zero, so not its length
but the real value, then the user entered a negative or a zero expense amount which is not a valid amount.
Or last but not least if for the entered amount,
when we trim it, if then its length is smaller or equal to zero, then the field is simply left empty.
So now I have this check and for now, I'll just return here to basically stop the execution of this function
and not continue any further
if the values are invalid. Now if the values are valid, then I want to continue and for now, I can then
console log entered reason and entered amount here. So let's go back, reload this page and enter a reason
here, food for let's say 12.99 and add this expense and we see food 12.99 here
on the right. Of course seeing it here in the console is nice but not all we want,
now before we continue though, let me check the validation.
If I don't enter an expense reason,
then we see nothing gets printed on the right,
so this works
and if I enter let's say a value of 0 and a valid reason here, then this also doesn't get printed,
with an expense amount of 1, it does.
So our validation works,
now let's make sure we actually create Ionic elements dynamically in Javascript code to then attach them
below our card and render them with our entered reason and amount.